Software gardening (#362)
cytomining/DeepProfiler: README.md

![DeepProfiler](figures/logo/banner.png)
-----------------
[![Python 3.10+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10%2B-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![CI](https://github.com/cytomining/DeepProfiler/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cytomining/DeepProfiler/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cytomining/DeepProfiler/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cytomining/DeepProfiler)
[![Cell Painting CNN-1 DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7114558.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7114558)
[![Example data DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7515132.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7515132)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **DeepProfiler is undergoing a major redesign.** The package is being refocused as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DeepProfiler is undergoing changes to support wider use.** The package is being refocused as a
```

## System requirements

- Python 3.10+ is required.
- Linux (Ubuntu 20.04+) or macOS.
- For GPU acceleration, a CUDA-compatible GPU is recommended.

## Install

```
pip install deepprofiler
```

For contributing, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Download example data

This repository contains example data structured as a DeepProfiler project.
Unpack it with:
```
tar -xzf example_data.tar.gz
```

## Profiling with the Cell Painting CNN-1

Initialize your project directory structure:
```

> deepprofiler --root=/path/to/project --config=config.json setup

Reviewer: Consider citing how to use through `uvx` here for modernity with a short comment about it. The advantage is a ready-made command which doesn't require any environment setup (`uvx` does this automatically).

Author: thanks! 6ee6c9ef410c9ae37fcfe0c319b382c422604ca5
